the story of the movie begins beth
visited hong kong in mata of her
business
as she was coming to the house in the
middle she goes to chicago taking a
break afterwards she comes back to home
coming home she meets her younger
brother and husband
six years old clarke was the son of his
ex-husband one day suddenly beth is
fallen ill next day she suffers fits and
which brings her to the hospital where
she is passed away doctor cannot
diagnose her disease
people are begun to fall ill throughout
the world coming home mitch knows that
clarke is also dead he calls 9-1-1 who
keeps mitch in quarantine all people of
the world begin to lose their lives
gradually news reveals a new disease
before us we see the uscdc department
doctors who talk about this disease dr
erin has to visit a city aiming to stop
this infection she reaches this city
within a few hours and meets mitch
she asks reason of beth's visit to hong
kong she also asks mitch why did she
stay in chicago mitch comes to know here
that beth may have visited to meet her
old friend and she was deceiving her
mitch's blood is tested but no infection
is diagnosed because he had a strongest
immune system now mitch is sent back to
the house
mitch's second wife was beth while he
had 16 years old daughter named jory
from his first wife she comes to meet
her father in the same hospital mitch is
worried that she may get an infection
because of her sudden visit in this city
so he moves to a house taking his
daughter suddenly this virus has
prevailed in u.s
facing the harmful consequences of it
homeland security people visit to meet
elise they take this disease as a bio
weapon which has been released willingly
in order to target the developed
countries and any international
terrorist organization is involved in it
on the other side dr erin travels to
hong kong so that she may know the visit
place of bet and how this virus has
spread through her in research it is
proved that this virus is made of pig
and bats genetic material and the people
are studying on virus to make a vaccine
but no work is being done on it because
every cell is perished in which it is
added 8 million people were yet infected
through this virus one person among 12
had the danger of being infected the
chance of their survival was only 25
percent to 30 percent government takes a
decision to stop the infections growth
infected cities are placed under the
quarantine thoroughly it means no one
can step out from this city on the 21st
day elisa receives a mail in cdc that
mifvirus origin is africa and it is more
deadly than hiv virus their research is
in process and they were making the
different samples of vaccines and they
were applying it on apps but don't get
success
no human being was seen in airports
schools colleges offices but isolated in
their houses feeling fear finally cdc
lab doctors get success on the 29th day
there was still no test on human beings
this was the long process including the
permission and agreement of the infected
people so dr elise thinks of a risky
process in which she can also lose her
life firstly she injects this vaccine
sample to herself
she visits her infected father and talks
to her with unmasked face for a long
time dr elise is not infected even
within two or three days it means her
experiment on herself was successful
here it is declared to the who and other
organizations that we have got the
vaccine successfully and this news is
revealed on the international level
vaccine production takes a lot of time
because of the number of people due to
this case us government finds out a
lottery system whose birth date has
appeared in it he will be the one to get
a vaccine and the next lottery will
appear after three months people are
vaccinated as such moderate play and
they come on the normal routine going to
their jobs in the end how did the virus
prevail a bulldozer raises a tree in
hong kong by mistake disturbing some
bats in it then the bats move to the
banana tree and sitting there they bite
some bananas
now the bats move to the pig farm and
one of them falls a banana and the pig
eats it now pig is brought to the casino
the next day and while cleaning a pig a
man cleans his hand with his apron and
handshake beth now in this way the virus
of bat and pig is spread throughout the
world what do you think about
coronavirus reality and falsehood must
inform in comment section
subscribe to movies inspired for more
videos and click the bell icon to
encourage us
like and share the video let us know
what you think by commenting